feat: Forbid public room federation by forcing `m.federate` to False (#64)
famedly/synapse-invite-checker: README.md

        inactive_room_scan:
          enabled: true or false # optional switch to disable the room scan for inactive rooms, defaults to true
          grace_period: see 'Duration Parsing' below # Length of time a room is allowed to have no message activity before it is eligible for deletion. Ignored if 'enabled' is false. Defaults to "26w" which is 6 months

>         override_public_room_federation: true or false, # Allows overriding the `m.federate` setting when creating a public room to prevent federation. Default is "true", disable with "false"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        override_public_room_federation: true or false, # Forces the `m.federate` flag to be set to false when creating a public room to prevent it from federating. Default is "true", disable with "false"
```
